README.md, before:

# Git training

I ran `nano README.md` to create an empty README file.

This is the second edit to my file.

README files are typically used to tell people what this 
project is for.
Try to be helpful to your future self and others.

Many times you'll have setup instructions and how to run 
the code in there.

the md extention here refers to "markdown" which is a 
short way of writing HTML, to make this think look 
"prettier".

# a quick intro to markdown:

# header 1
## header 2
### header 3
###### header 6

- bullet
* bullet
    - 4 spaces for a nested bullet

1. enum 1
2. enum 2
1. enum 3
1. enum 4

`inline code`

```r
v <- c(1, 2, 3, 4)
print(v)
```


# Intro to git branching

- use `git branch BRANCH_NAME` or `git checkout -b BRANCH_NAME` to create a branch.
    - if you use `git branch BRANCH_NAME` you also need to run `git checkout BRANCH_NAME`
    - `git branch -b BRANCH_NAME` will create and checkout at the same time
- use `git branch -a` to see all your branches
- `git log --oneline` will show you where you are (HEAD) and what branches you have
- `git log --oneline --graph --decorate --all` will show you everything in the history
- you can use ctrl+r to do a reverse bash search for this command

# Conflicts

- you can edit the same file at the same time,
  and nothing terrible will happen if the edit occurs in different locations

Commit message:

edit changes from master (conflict)

README.md, after:

# Git training

I ran `nano README.md` to create an empty README file.

This is the second edit to my file.

README files are typically used to tell people what this 
project is for.
Try to be helpful to your future self and others.

Many times you'll have setup instructions and how to run 
the code in there.

the md extention here refers to "markdown" which is a 
short way of writing HTML, to make this think look 
"prettier".

# a quick intro to markdown:

# header 1
## header 2
### header 3
###### header 6

- bullet
* bullet
    - 4 spaces for a nested bullet

1. enum 1
2. enum 2
1. enum 3
1. enum 4

`inline code`

```r
v <- c(1, 2, 3, 4)
print(v)
```


# Intro to git branching

- use `git branch BRANCH_NAME` or `git checkout -b BRANCH_NAME` to create a branch.
    - if you use `git branch BRANCH_NAME` you also need to run `git checkout BRANCH_NAME`
    - `git branch -b BRANCH_NAME` will create and checkout at the same time
- use `git branch -a` to see all your branches
- `git log --oneline` will show you where you are (HEAD) and what branches you have
- `git log --oneline --graph --decorate --all` will show you everything in the history
- you can use ctrl+r to do a reverse bash search for this command

# Conflicts

- Git will handle edits in the same place
- And give you a message when the edit happens in the same place when you try to rebase/merge
- this is called a conflict
